FullStack JavaScript Developer Assignment
Submission Time: 14 Days After getting the mail

Task 1
Objectives 
Build a System to create Font groups. This will be a one-page solution without reloading. 
You have to create a Font Group System with PHP and Javascript. Do it using Core PHP (or OOP) and JS. For the Front end, you can use jQuery or Reactjs.
System Overview

Create a Font Uploading Form without a Button. Make sure you are uploading only the TTF file extension.  Like this image:
Show the Uploaded Font List:

N. B: Preview means the “Example Style” will show the font as Uploaded font Style. 
Now, make a Font Group with multiple fonts. On load, just one Field will be there. After clicking on Add Row then, another row will be added. If you want to create a group, you must have to select two fonts. Please ensure this validation. Ignore Specific Size and Price Change fields.

Show the list of All Font Group. Edit and Delete that Font Group. 

Notes- Task 1
You must create a GitHub repository and upload files. Single Font Upload, List of Fonts, Create Font Group, and List of all Font Groups will be on one page. In every action, the page will not refresh. 
Have to use SOLID Principles.
Better to use any CSS Framework like Tailwind or Bootstrap.
N.B. Don’t think about the design too much; focus on the functionality.














Task 2


Fetch data from the following public API:
https://gutendex.com/books
           For API Documentations visit - https://gutendex.com/
Display the list of books in a clean and user-friendly format.
Each book should display the title, author, cover image, author name, genre and id.
Functionalities:
Implement a search bar that allows users to filter books by title in real-time.
Add a dropdown filter to filter books based on genre/topic.
Make a wishlist and store to localstorage, wishlisted books should have a love or liked icon. Make the icon clickable to save/remove as a wishlist. 
Make pagination to paginate the books list, For example (next page, previous page) or (1, 2, 3….8) pagination. 
User Interface:
Make a homepage that will show the books list, a wishlist page that will show the wishlisted books list and each book page that will show the book details. 
Make a navbar.
Design the layout using HTML and CSS.
Ensure that the application is fully responsive and works well on both desktop and mobile devices.
Use Bootstrap or Tailwind CSS to style the application. But vanilla css will be more preferable. 
Optional Bonus Features: (Not Required but Encouraged)
Implement smooth animations for showing or hiding books.
Use localStorage to save the user’s search and filter preferences so they persist when the page is refreshed.
Notes - Task 2
You must create a GitHub repository and upload files. Single Font Upload, List of Fonts, Create Font Group, and List of all Font Groups will be on one page. In every action, the page will not refresh. 
Have to use SOLID Principles.
Better to use any CSS Framework like Tailwind or Bootstrap.
N.B. Don’t think about the design too much; focus on the functionality.
Don’t use any templates for the UI. 
You can use React JS or vanilla JS for this task, but we recommend using vanilla JS only.
You must create a public GitHub repository and upload files. Use proper commits. Send us the repository link once you complete the task. 
Assignment Submission Link

Please submit your assignment using the link below.
Assignment Submission Link

Note: 
The assignment must be submitted through the link provided above. Submissions via email will not be accepted.. 
Submitting two tasks is preferred; however, we will also accept a response if you submit only one task.
Q/A
If you have any queries, please let us know. Don't hesitate to communicate with us. Email address: mahfuz@zeptoapps.com, Cc: hr.zeptoapps@gmail.com. Please don’t use any framework like Laravel, Nextjs, or Nuxtjs.
Even if you can only fulfill some requirements, please try to submit what you have done. Good Luck.
